#summary Compiling pjsip and audio driver for iPhone SDK 3.1.2

= Introduction =

In order to provide precise step-by-step build instructions, we've opted to write these instructions to target a specific version of PJSIP. We recommend you follow these instructions to the letter first (so you have a working build) before venturing off to another version of PJSIP.

= Step 0 =

These instructions have been tested with the iPhone SDK 3.1.2 on:
  * Leopard 10.5.8
  * Snow Leopard 10.6.2

= Step 1 =

Download PJSIP v1.0.3 from subversion. Open up your terminal, and execute the following 2 commands:

  * `cd ~/Desktop`
  * `svn checkout http://svn.pjsip.org/repos/pjproject/tags/1.0.3 pjsip`

This will create a folder called "pjsip" on your Desktop, and download the PJSIP 1.0.3 release into that folder. The rest of the instructions assume the folder is on your Desktop.

= Step 2 =

Download the latest version of the iPhone audio driver from the Downloads page.

Then place the downloaded audio driver file into the location:<br/>
`~/Desktop/pjsip/pjmedia/src/pjmedia/iphonesound.c`

= Step 3 =

Download the pjsip-patch-1_0_3.txt from the Downloads page.<br/>
Then place the downloaded patch file on your Desktop.

= Step 4 =

Apply the patch file by executing the following two commands:

  * `cd ~/Desktop/pjsip`
  * `patch -p1 < ../pjsip-patch-1_0_3.txt`

= Step 5 =

Compile pjsip by executing the following 3 commands:

  * `cd ~/Desktop/pjsip`
  * `chmod 755 compile.sh`
  * `./compile.sh`

After several minutes, the pjsip libraries will be compiled.  You can find the library files here:

  * pjlib/lib/libpj-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjlib-util/lib/libpjlib-util-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjmedia/lib/libpjmedia-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjmedia/lib/libpjmedia-codec-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjmedia/lib/libpjsdp-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjnath/lib/libpjnath-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjsip/lib/libpjsip-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjsip/lib/libpjsip-simple-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjsip/lib/libpjsip-ua-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * pjsip/lib/libpjsua-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * third_party/lib/libgsmcodec-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * third_party/lib/libmilenage-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * third_party/lib/libresample-arm-apple-darwin9.a
  * third_party/lib/libsrtp-arm-apple-darwin9.a

Compilation is now done.  Now go learn about pjsip!

[http://www.pjsip.org/docs.htm PJSIP Documentation]<br/>
[http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki/PJSIP_Tutorial PJSIP Tutorial]<br/>
[http://code.google.com/p/siphon/ Siphon (Example application)]<br/>
[http://code.google.com/p/telephone/ Telephone (Excellent Objective-C wrappers for PJSIP)]<br/>